# Connect-Globe
Connect Globe project is a web application which is implemented in Servlet jsp platform. Connect Globe provides a common platform where common people can share their experiences, information and hurdles all over the globe and people can consult and discuss on any topic that is created by only the registered user. Moreover the user can give their precious advice on any topic or report. Admin and common people can use this application.
The admin after being logged in can create and also post any topic or report that is to be discussed. Admin can also control the posts and the proceeding of the reports. Admin also can view old comment history and post his own comment on topics. Common people can view reports after being logged in and can share the reports and also post and view comments. Any kind of can be used by you for the creation of the project. You can choose among any kinds of IDE including Eclipse, My eclipse and Net beans or any other such software tools available. MySQL is used as the database for the development of the project and as server, Apache tomcat, Glassfish, Web Sphere etc. any can be used. The back end tools necessary for this project are JDBC, JSP, AJAX and JAVA script while the back end key is the Oracle software.
After importing the files on the IDE, all the tables associated with the program will be created automatically.
# Scope Of Investigation
The aim of this project is to view all reports and topics to be discussed and can search reports for each police station. This will be a vastly complex software development project which will take approximately 5 months to complete. The project will be split up into stages and documented thoroughly throughout. A quick look at the overall trends in Connect Globe shows the rise in the importance of help in any report, view the previously posted comments, Browser testing and support. Connect Globe; with its emphasis on a more strategic decision making process is fast gaining ground as a popular outsourced function.
